[MUSIC PLAYING]
SPEAKER 1: There was a time
when they were inseparable.
PAUL LEWIS: [SIGHING]
Words, how do they even--
SURMA: Work?
SPEAKER 1: Together, changing
what was possible on the web.
BOTH: Streaming, streaming,
streaming, streaming, streams.
SPEAKER 1: Until one man
walked away from it all.
PAUL LEWIS: Whatever.
Could not be more
done if I tried.
SPEAKER 1: Broken.
SURMA: I said the wrong thing.
SPEAKER 1: But not beaten.
SURMA: Start over.
Start over.
SPEAKER 1: A new star emerged
who could talk the talk.
SURMA: A lot of websites uses--
uses?
SPEAKER 1: And walk the walk.
[GROANING]
Relive the epic journey,
the new friendships.
SURMA: Chicken.
Chicken, chicken.
SPEAKER 2: Chicken,
chicken, chicken.
SURMA: I like that take a lot.
That was a good take.
SPEAKER 1: The laughs.
[LAUGHING]
The tantrums.
SURMA: Don't do the
things we tell you to do.
This is supposed
to be 23.4 degrees.
Can't work like this.
SPEAKER 1: Relive
"Supercharged," with Surma.
SURMA: It takes a [BLEEP].
SPEAKER 1: Only on
Chrome Developers.
SURMA: Subscribe!